- [Instructor] The JSON Processing API
features a parser as part of the Streaming API.
The parser can be used to efficiently read JSON objects
using a poll model.
Let's take a look.
We're going to be working with the JsonParser
inside of our JmsConsumer.
We still have some JAXB related code within the consumer,
so I'm going to go ahead and clean up that code
so we can focus on the JsonParser.
So once we've cleaned things up,
we can go ahead and create a parser,
and we're going to do so within a try block.
The JsonParser implements the AutoCloseable interface,
so that once we're finished with the parser,
we can be sure that the resources will be cleaned up.
So once we create a JsonParser object,
all we need to do is use the Json object
and invoke its createParser method.
The JsonParser method will accept a reader.
So we're going to go ahead and use a StringReader,
and we'll pass in the json
that we receive from the Jms message.
From here we're just going to iterate
through the different events that the parser contains
as it processes through the JSON document,
and we can poll each of the events from the parser
using an iterator-based approach.
So you'll notice the parser has the hasNext method
as well as the next method.
The next method is going to return an event,
and that's going to give us an indicator
of what type of structure we are looking at
within the JSON document.
When importing the event type,
be sure to choose the
javax.json.stream.JsonParser.Event type.
That way we don't have any compilation issues.
Once we have the event,
we can go ahead and print it out to the console.
So let's start our application at this point.
And I'm going to go ahead and clear the console,
and then we'll run our PowerShell command
which will send a message to the API,
and then we can take a look at the output
within the console.
You'll notice that we get all of the events found
by the parser within our small JSON document.
It is quite verbose considering we only have
a small piece of JSON.
You'll notice the events include
the start of arrays, the start of objects,
as well as key names and value strings.
If we match this up with our JSON document,
you'd be able to see the different sections of the document
and how they relate to these events.
These are useful when parsing through JSON documents
using the JsonParser.